Popularity of Food Types around the World

Introduction

People around the world like to go out to eat in restaurants. Due to globalization, it is easy to get any type of food in any bigger city around the world. A great sushi can be experienced in New York City as well as in Tokyo. Also enjoying a tasteful pasta is not limited to Italy anymore but outstanding Italian restaurants are spread around the world. 
Now that the restaurants can be found anywhere around the world and all types of food are available in any big city, the questions about the popularity of food in different locations now arises. Is Mexican food in the US more popular than in Italy? How about Italian specialties in Tokyo compared to Japanese food in London? The goal of this project is to find out how food tastes differs around the world and what is the most popular food overall?

Data

To answer the question about the popularity of food types around the world, the question will be split up in two parts: popularity of food and around the world. Both parts need to be abstracted and represented with available data. 
* Popularity of food will be represented by the proportion of restaurant type that are available in the area. For example, the popularity of Italian food will be determined by the proportion of Italian restaurants in an area compared to other restaurant types.
* Around the world will be taken care of by looking at main cities on different continents that represent a bigger area. For each area, a representative city will be chosen and used in the analysis.
The data I am going to use is from foursquare. I chose four food types for this analysis. The food types I chose ?Italian?, "Chinese", "Mexican" and "Burger". The food types are chosen according to favorite foods among the world as well as some personal preferences :) . For cities, I chose ?New York?, ?Tokyo?, ?Paris? and ?Sydney?. These cities represent main metropolises on different continents and cover a big range of cultures and food tastes around the world.
The data collection will be as follows: For each city, we will look for restaurants that belong to any of the stated food types. These restaurants will then be analyzed relative to each other. This means, the proportion of restaurants to each other is more interesting than the total number of restaurants in the cities. This will give us a good overview which restaurant types are more available in each city. This can be transferred to the popularity of the food types in these areas to answer our business question about the popularity of food types around the world,
